mymou/preferences/PrefsFragCamera.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragCamera
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskEvidenceAccum.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskEvidenceAccum
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskProgRatio.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskProgRatio
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskProgRatio$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskProgRatio$1$1
mymou/Utils/SoundManager.java
 mymou.Utils.SoundManager
 mymou.Utils.SoundManager$1
 mymou.Utils.SoundManager$1$1
 mymou.Utils.SoundManager$1$2
 mymou.Utils.SoundManager$2
 mymou.Utils.SoundManager$3
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskRandomDotMotion.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskRandomDotMotion
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskRandomDotMotion$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskRandomDotMotion$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskRandomDotMotion$3
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskRandomDotMotion$4
mymou/task/backend/CameraExternal.java
 mymou.task.backend.CameraExternal
 mymou.task.backend.CameraExternal$1
 mymou.task.backend.CameraExternal$1$1
 mymou.task.backend.CameraExternal$1$2
 mymou.task.backend.CameraExternal$1$2$1
 mymou.task.backend.CameraExternal$2
 mymou.task.backend.CameraExternal$3
 mymou.task.backend.CameraExternal$3$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskTrainingFourSmallMovingCue.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFourSmallMovingCue
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFourSmallMovingCue$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFourSmallMovingCue$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFourSmallMovingCue$2$1
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTimePicker.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTimePicker
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTimePicker$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskSequentialLearning.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskSequentialLearning
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskSequentialLearning$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskTrainingStaticCue.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingStaticCue
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingStaticCue$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingStaticCue$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingStaticCue$2$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskSpatialResponse.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskSpatialResponse
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskSpatialResponse$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskSpatialResponse$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskSpatialResponse$3
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskSpatialResponse$4
mymou/task/individual_tasks/Task.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.Task
mymou/Utils/ProgressBarAnimation.java
 mymou.Utils.ProgressBarAnimation
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragCropPicker.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragCropPicker
mymou/preferences/SeekBarPreferenceCustom.java
 mymou.preferences.SeekBarPreferenceCustom
 mymou.preferences.SeekBarPreferenceCustom$1
 mymou.preferences.SeekBarPreferenceCustom$2
 mymou.preferences.SeekBarPreferenceCustom$SavedState
 mymou.preferences.SeekBarPreferenceCustom$SavedState$1
mymou/task/backend/CameraSavePhoto.java
 mymou.task.backend.CameraSavePhoto
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragAutoStartStop.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragAutoStartStop
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragCommon.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragCommon
mymou/Utils/PlayCustomTone.java
 mymou.Utils.PlayCustomTone
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskTrainingTwoShrinkingCue.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingTwoShrinkingCue
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingTwoShrinkingCue$1
mymou/database/Task.java
 mymou.database.Task
mymou/Utils/SendMail.java
 mymou.Utils.SendMail
 mymou.Utils.SendMail$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskContextSequenceLearning.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning$3
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning$4
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning$5
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning$5$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning$6
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskContextSequenceLearning$6$1
mymou/Utils/PermissionManager.java
 mymou.Utils.PermissionManager
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskDiscreteMaze.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$3
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$4
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$5
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$6
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$7
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$8
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMaze$9
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragReward.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragReward
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragReward$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragReward$1$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskDiscreteMazeMapParams.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteMazeMapParams
mymou/database/Converters.java
 mymou.database.Converters
mymou/task/backend/CameraInterface.java
 mymou.task.backend.CameraInterface
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskPassiveReward.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskPassiveReward
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskPassiveReward$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskPassiveReward$1$1
mymou/task/backend/RewardSystem.java
 mymou.task.backend.RewardSystem
 mymou.task.backend.RewardSystem$1
 mymou.task.backend.RewardSystem$2
 mymou.task.backend.RewardSystem$3
 mymou.task.backend.RewardSystem$MyCustomObjectListener
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragColourPicker.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragColourPicker
mymou/task/backend/MatrixMaths.java
 mymou.task.backend.MatrixMaths
mymou/MainMenu.java
 mymou.MainMenu
 mymou.MainMenu$1
 mymou.MainMenu$2
 mymou.MainMenu$3
 mymou.MainMenu$4
 mymou.MainMenu$5
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskObjectDiscrim.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskObjectDiscrim
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskObjectDiscrim$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskObjectDiscrim$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskObjectDiscrim$3
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskObjectDiscrim$4
mymou/task/backend/FaceRecog.java
 mymou.task.backend.FaceRecog
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskTrainingOne.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskTrainingOne
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskTrainingOneFullScreen.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingOneFullScreen
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingOneFullScreen$1
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskAll.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskAll
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskAll$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskAll$1$1
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskStaticCue.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskStaticCue
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskStaticCue$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskStaticCue$1$1
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskDiscreteMaze.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskDiscreteMaze
mymou/task/backend/DataViewer.java
 mymou.task.backend.DataViewer
 mymou.task.backend.DataViewer$1
mymou/preferences/PrefsActCropPicker.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActCropPicker
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActCropPicker$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskExample.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskExample
mymou/database/Monkey.java
 mymou.database.Monkey
mymou/task/backend/CameraMain.java
 mymou.task.backend.CameraMain
 mymou.task.backend.CameraMain$1
 mymou.task.backend.CameraMain$2
 mymou.task.backend.CameraMain$3
 mymou.task.backend.CameraMain$4
 mymou.task.backend.CameraMain$5
 mymou.task.backend.CameraMain$6
mymou/database/Session.java
 mymou.database.Session
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragSoundPicker.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragSoundPicker
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragSoundPicker$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragSoundPicker$1$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragSoundPicker$2
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragSoundPicker$3
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragSoundPicker$3$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragSoundPicker$3$1$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskDiscreteValueSpace.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteValueSpace
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteValueSpace$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskDiscreteValueSpace$1$1
mymou/preferences/PrefsActSystem.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActSystem
mymou/task/backend/Camera.java
 mymou.task.backend.Camera
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskContextSequenceLearning.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskContextSequenceLearning
mymou/task/backend/TaskManager.java
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$1
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$10
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$11
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$12
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$13
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$14
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$2
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$3
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$4
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$5
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$6
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$7
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$8
 mymou.task.backend.TaskManager$9
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskTrainingFiveTwoStep.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFiveTwoStep
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFiveTwoStep$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFiveTwoStep$1$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFiveTwoStep$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFiveTwoStep$3
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFiveTwoStep$4
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingFiveTwoStep$4$1
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskEvidenceAccum.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskEvidenceAccum
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskEvidenceAccum$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskEvidenceAccum$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskEvidenceAccum$3
mymou/task/backend/TaskInterface.java
 mymou.task.backend.TaskInterface
mymou/database/User.java
 mymou.database.User
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskPassiveReward.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskPassiveReward
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskPassiveReward$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskPassiveReward$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskPassiveReward$3
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragMenu.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragMenu
mymou/preferences/PrefsFragTaskObjectDiscrim.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsFragTaskObjectDiscrim
mymou/preferences/PreferencesManager.java
 mymou.preferences.PreferencesManager
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskTrainingThreeMovingCue.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingThreeMovingCue
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskTrainingThreeMovingCue$1
mymou/task/backend/WriteSettingsToDisk.java
 mymou.task.backend.WriteSettingsToDisk
mymou/BuildConfig.java
 mymou.BuildConfig
mymou/preferences/PrefsActCamPicker.java
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActCamPicker
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActCamPicker$1
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActCamPicker$2
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActCamPicker$3
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActCamPicker$4
 mymou.preferences.PrefsActCamPicker$5
mymou/database/UserDao.java
 mymou.database.UserDao
mymou/Utils/UtilsSystem.java
 mymou.Utils.UtilsSystem
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskProgressiveRatio.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskProgressiveRatio
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskProgressiveRatio$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskProgressiveRatio$2
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskProgressiveRatio$3
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskProgressiveRatio$3$1
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskProgressiveRatio$3$2
mymou/task/backend/UtilsTask.java
 mymou.task.backend.UtilsTask
mymou/database/MymouDatabase.java
 mymou.database.MymouDatabase
mymou/task/individual_tasks/TaskObjectDiscrimCol.java
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskObjectDiscrimCol
 mymou.task.individual_tasks.TaskObjectDiscrimCol$1
